Sr. Backend Software Engineer, Account Master
Job Category	Engineering & Information Technology
Location	Fremont, California
Req. ID	256509
Job Type	Full-time
What to Expect
Account master is the Tesla's centralized source of truth for customer and asset data, main focus on security, high-availability, scalability and performance. We build applications that manages all customer demographic information, address book, customer preferences and assets(Vehicle/Energy Products) owned by each account & their relationship (Owner/Driver etc) to the asset.

As a Software Engineer on this team, you will design and deliver the distributed systems that power real-time data flows across the organization, enable smarter decisions and seamless customer experiences. You will work with modern architecture, AI agents, to solve complex challenges that directly sha[e the foundation of every other product depends on. Our tech stack involves are Golang, Java, Python, Spark, MySQL DB, ClickHouse, ElasticSearch and Kafka, AI Agentic workflow.

If you're passionate about high-impact engineering and building platforms that matter, this is where you want to be.

What You’ll Do
Design, develop and support applications and systems under the team’s scope, including vehicle order processing, inventory vehicle purchasing, vehicle delivery experience, Tesla account login, software upgrades, and features accessible through mobile app.
Write clean, maintainable, performant, and well-tested code to implement new features and fix bugs
Write unit tests, integration tests, and work with QA to coordinate timely regression for new features
Monitor live system metrics, respond to alerts, and troubleshoot production issues. 
Collaborate with Product, Design, and Business stakeholders to plan and prioritize new feature development
Own feature development and projects through design, development, testing, release and production 
Understand and improve the scalability, maintainability, availability, and visibility of applications
Document newly implemented technologies and application functionality
Learn new technologies, practices and business concepts to solve new problems as Tesla grows
Work with technologies such as Go, C#, .Net core, MySQL, Elasticsearch, Mongodb, Redis, GraphQL, Python, React, Docker, Kubernetes
What You’ll Bring
6+ years of experience building backend systems
Demonstrated experience scaling systems to large data volumes and throughput
Expert knowledge of REST APIs
Experience with microservices, or service oriented architecture, AI agentic workflow
Proficiency in Go, Java, C, Python, C# or other backend language
Experience with databases (either SQL or NoSQL)
Good unit testing and integration testing practices
Experience with message queue architecture 
Proficiency working in a high-impact, responsive, and collaborative team environment
Compensation and Benefits
Benefits
Along with competitive pay, as a full-time Tesla employee, you are eligible for the following benefits at day 1 of hire:

Medical plans > plan options with $0 payroll deduction
Family-building, fertility, adoption and surrogacy benefits
Dental (including orthodontic coverage) and vision plans, both have options with a $0 paycheck contribution
Company Paid (Health Savings Accounts) HSA Contribution when enrolled in the High-Deductible medical plan with HSA
Healthcare and Dependent Care Flexible Spending Accounts (FSA)
401(k) with employer match, Employee Stock Purchase Plans, and other financial benefits
Company paid Basic Life, AD&D
Short-term and long-term disability insurance (90 day waiting period)
Employee Assistance Program
Sick and Vacation time (Flex time for salary positions, Accrued hours for Hourly positions), and Paid Holidays
Back-up childcare and parenting support resources
Voluntary benefits to include: critical illness, hospital indemnity, accident insurance, theft & legal services, and pet insurance
Weight Loss and Tobacco Cessation Programs
Tesla Babies program
Commuter benefits
Employee discounts and perks program

Expected Compensation
$140,000 - $300,000/annual salary + cash and stock awards + benefits
Pay offered may vary depending on multiple individualized factors, including market location, job-related knowledge, skills, and experience. The total compensation package for this position may also include other elements dependent on the position offered. Details of participation in these benefit plans will be provided if an employee receives an offer of employment.

Tesla is an Equal Opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to any factor, including veteran status and disability status, protected by applicable federal, state or local laws.

Tesla is also committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodations to individuals with disabilities. Please let your recruiter know if you need an accommodation at any point during the interview process.

For quick access to screen reading technology compatible with this site click here to download a free compatible screen reader (free step by step tutorial can be found here). Please contact ADA@tesla.com for ADA related questions or to request ADA accommodations.

Privacy is a top priority for Tesla. We build it into our products and view it as an essential part of our business. To understand more about the data we collect and process as part of your application, please view our Tesla Talent Privacy Notice .